Flowgroup documentation (#80)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/recipes.rst

      3. How to submit a bundle of operations to a cluster.
      4. How to synchronize between two different compute environments.
      5. How to use **signac** in combination with a docker/singularity container.

How to use FlowGroups to create Execution Environments
======================================================
Suppose that for a given project you wanted to run jobs on multiple
supercomputers, your laptop, and your desktop. On each of these different
machines different operation directives may be needed. The :py:class:`FlowGroup`
class provides a mechanism to easily specify the different requirements in each
different environment.

.. code:: python

   #project.py
   from flow import FlowProject, directives

   class Project(FlowProject):
      pass

   supercomputer = Project.make_group(name='supercomputer')
   laptop = Project.make_group(name='laptop')
   desktop = Project.make_group(name='desktop')

   @supercomputer.with_directives(directives=dict(

>       npgu=100, executable="/path/to/container"))

Author: I was exaggerating on purpose :joy:, but a sane number works too.

   @laptop.with_directives(directives=dict(npgu=0))
   @desktop.with_directives(directives=dict(npgu=1))
   @Project.operation
   def op1(job):
      pass

   @supercomputer.with_directives(directives=dict(
      nranks=2000, executable="path/to/container"))
   @laptop.with_directives(directives=dict(nranks=4))
   @desktop.with_directives(directives=dict(nranks=8))
   @Project.operation
   def op2(job):
      pass

>     if __name__ == '__main__':

Author: Okay easy change.

        Project().main()

.. tip::
   If each machine will be running different operations, then only decorating
   those operations will also ensure you only run a given operation on the
   'right' machine.

> .. tip::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::

```

>    To test operations on a login node, a 'test' group could be used that ensured

Reviewer: Some things you learn the hard way.
```suggestion
   To test operations with a small interactive job, a 'test' group could be used that ensured
```

      3. How to submit a bundle of operations to a cluster.
      4. How to synchronize between two different compute environments.
      5. How to use **signac** in combination with a docker/singularity container.

How to create multiple execution environments for operations
============================================================

Suppose that for a given project you wanted to run jobs on multiple
supercomputers, your laptop, and your desktop. On each of these different
machines, different operation directives may be needed. The :py:class:`FlowGroup`
class provides a mechanism to easily specify the different requirements in each
different environment.

> .. code:: python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python
```

>     #project.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # project.py
```

    from flow import FlowProject, directives

    class Project(FlowProject):
        pass

    supercomputer = Project.make_group(name='supercomputer')
    laptop = Project.make_group(name='laptop')
    desktop = Project.make_group(name='desktop')

    @supercomputer.with_directives(directives=dict(

>         ngpu=4, executable="/path/to/container"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ngpu=4, executable="singularity exec --nv /path/to/container python"))
```

    @laptop.with_directives(directives=dict(ngpu=0))
    @desktop.with_directives(directives=dict(ngpu=1))
    @Project.operation
    def op1(job):
        pass

    @supercomputer.with_directives(directives=dict(

>         nranks=40, executable="path/to/container"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        nranks=40, executable="singularity exec /path/to/container python"))
```
